---
layout: post
title:  "Prologue"
date:   2019-10-20 5:10:00 +0200
categories: update novel
author: Thomas Lieben
---

I remember everything you know?  
I haven't forgotten.  
I don't have amnesia.  
I wasn't attacked by a powerful monster which afflicted me with memory loss.  
I remember everything… I just don't want to.  
I pretend I have no memories, or just don't talk about my past. No one needs to know.  
I, Koromaru, am to the world known as the hero with no past.


Also, I'm quite self-centred and like to talk about myself. Thus why I like to say "I".

                                                                                                    

I was summoned by the king. Something most heroes go through. It's nothing out of the ordinary anymore, it's been going on for years. The new king (new as in "latest", because trust me, there's nothing new looking about this one) has even automated the ceremony and skipped many parts. Previously, it had been a really crucial part of any hero's journey and it would take you about a day of your time. You had to come early, listen to the official summon by the king, meet the knights and other adventurers serving the king (heroes don't technically serve the king, we're on a league of our own, we get perks like being independent but we don't get paid as well) then the king would hand you the Hero Crest, an official seal proving that you are indeed a hero recognised by the kingdom. Nowadays however, you just receive a letter with the basics explained and signed by the king, you go to the castle to receive your Hero Crest handed to you by some secretary, sometimes if you're lucky - or not, if you don't care about the king as I do - you get to see the king from afar. And, well… that's pretty much it.


So yeah, I was "summoned" by the king. I just received my letter this morning and was looking through it.  
<br />

*Glorious Hero,*

*You have been officially summoned by your king to receive the honorable Hero Crest and henceforth beging your journey as a hero of the kingdom. You will face many dangers and will be required, as per the Hero Guidebook to save at least one person each and every month for the rest of your life or until you decide to forego your Hero Status and forget every and all skills you have learned during your career as a Hero.*

*The King's secretary will expect you at noon today. You shall be there 10 minutes prior to your appointment. Do not bring any weapon with you. If you already learned magic skills, a medicine with the Null effect will be given to you prior to your entrance.*

*Make the Kingdom proud and free us from the evil.*

*The Kingdom's Secretary on behalf of your King.*  
<br />

That was it uh? Well, I preferred if that way. No use getting bored by useless information that literally everybody already knew, even non-heroes.


I checked the time.

**11:30**

It was time to get going, I wasn't sure that the king would wait for me. To be honest, I just wanted to bet done with this all thing as soon as possible. I am not one for official meetings and such.


I got to the entrance of the castle. Again, nothing special really.

There was no way any one here would know who I am, so I'd have to show the letter at some point.

I was reaching for it in my pocket when someone bumped into me. The letter almost escaped me, which would have been bad. I turned around ready to get angry at whoever was responsible for such an averted tragedy.

It was a girl.

To be honest I should have guessed it.

I'd heard a lot of stories about heroes meeting a girl right as their journey started.

"Ugh…"

She said rubbing her head.

"I'm sorry…"

She had really bright blue eyes, a gentle face and long silver hair.

"Don't worry."

I replied with a smile.

"Were you going somewhere?"

"No… I mean yes, here, so not further. Well technically yes, but after you. So right now I won't be going anywhere, I'll just wait here. Behind you."

What was she even talking about?

"I'm not sure I quite got that."

"I'm here for the Hero Ceremony…"

Oooh. So she was a hero too, well at least she would be in a couple of minutes. It's true that anyone can become one nowadays, you just have to request it. There're not test whatsoever because the test is literally life or death. Either you make it out alive after your first mission or you don't, and that's pretty much true for any of the following ones.
